## CS 122B Project 1 Star example

This example shows a basic Java Servlet that shows a star list page.

### To import this example to IntelliJ: 
0. Make sure you finish all the setup steps in project 1 description.
1. clone this repository using `git clone https://github.com/UCI-Chenli-teaching/cs122b-spring20-project1-star-example`
2. Open IntelliJ -> File -> New -> Project from Existing Sources. if this is the first time you open IntelliJ, you can just click "Import Project"
                                          
3. Unzip the zip file and select the folder in your file system.

4. Select "Import project from external model" and click "Maven"

5.  In "src" folder, open src->(default package)->StarServlet.java. Change the mysql username and password and make sure you have the moviedb database.
### To Run this example
In order to run the application, you still need to configure Tomcat with IntelliJ.
### To Export the WAR file
Export using maven in command line: Go to your project folder first, then do mvn clean, then do mvn package Your WAR file should be in the target/project1-star-example.war
### Brief Explanation
`index.html` is a simple welcome page. Open the url `localhost:8080/cs122b-spring20-project1-star-example`, if the welcome text shows up, then means that you have successfully deployed the project.

`StarServlet.java` is a Java servlet that talks to the database and get the stars data. It generates the HTML strings and write it to response. Open the url `localhost:8080/cs122b-spring20-project1-star-example/stars` to see the page generated by this Servlet.

